2 add new MDX guides for "Configuring basemaps" and "Viewing the program" (#4)
parkerziegler/cartokit-docs: src/content/docs/guides/view-program.mdx

---
title: Viewing the program

> description: XX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to view and interact with cartokit-generated programs.
```

sidebar:
  order: 4
---

import { Aside } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

import Topline from "../../../components/Topline.astro";
import Video from "../../../components/Video.astro";

<Topline>
    `cartokit` lets you run and integrate maps seamlessly in your own development environment—no modifications required.
</Topline>

> To get the program into your own code editor, click the **Open Editor** button on the bottom right (or hit **E** on your keyboard), copying the program using the **Clipboard** button in the top right (or hit **P** on your keyboard), and then pasting the program into your editor of choice. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the program into your own code editor, click the **Open Editor** button in the bottom right (or press <kbd>E</kbd>), copy the program using the **Clipboard** button in the top right (or press <kbd>P</kbd>), and then paste the program into your editor of choice. 
```
